= Instructions
You will find few exercises to help us understanding your abilities to code.
There are no limit of time, but we would like you to be transparent with us
and let us know how long it took to do each section.

Please send a zip archive containing your code.

= Word class
Our application skeleton has a model class Word with few challenges for you.

First, please write down tests for each challenge and then write your own solution.
You will be evaluated not only on how you use best practices to write your solution,
but also how clever your tests are.

= String Patch
We have decided to monkey patch the String class. We have already written few tests
that should help you understand the function to add.

Implement the monkey patch, and write those functions.
Add more tests if you think there are some missing.

= My First API
We started to write a permission manager API for a marketplace, and we would like you
to help us to implement it. You are the expert so we want you to bring the best solution.
We will accept all your solutions as long as it answers the requirements below.

The owner of the supermarket has defined global permissions for each category of users
registered into the system :

* managers have full access

* storekeepers assistant have partial access

* visitors have no access

Write a json service that will return the list of all users with :

* The firstname

* The lastname

* The category

* The current permission.

The product owner thinks that requirements are clear enough and has no time to answer your questions.
So you will have to come up with a solution with only what you have here.

Bonus: we would like to be able to overwrite those accesses for each users. So a
storekeeper could have temporary full access to the system. So the temporary has a end date. When
the end date is in the past, the permission is not valid anymore.

Thank you!
